---
layout: post
title:  "SolReyDio 2022Q3 Top 40"
date:   2022-09-30
categories: music
---
# SolReyDio 2022Q3 Top 40
It's that time of the year where I mention the new songs I like in the past 3 months. [Check out the playlist on the link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWGRuwrJRK2lARRP28FI_eaWE4HCp_Ayz). Enjoy #SolReyDIo #2022Music

1. KILL DEM - Jamie xx
2. Cracker Island - Gorillaz feat. Thundercat
3. Edge of the Edge - Panda Bear & Sonic Boom
4. NBPQ (Topless) - Sudan Archives
5. Don't Bother Me - The Suffers
6. Music In My Mind - The Sponges x Latroit
7. Miami Sin (Sgt Slick ReCut) - Hotmood x INXS
8. Burnin' Up - Those Guys From Athens & Pauli Carmen
9. Fall In Love - FEX
10. TECHNICOLOUR - The Comet Is Coming
11. Baby Flute - Vladamir Cauchemar
12. Summer In New York (Illyus & Barrientos Remix) - Sofi Tukker
13. DON'T SWEAT THE TECHNIQUE - HEROES OF LIMBO
14. T.R.O.Y. - HEROES OF LIMBO
15. Summer Lovin' - Cerrone
16. Cameo (Gaspard Augé & Victor Le Masne Remix) - Kavinsky, Gaspard Augé & Victor Le Masne
17. XO - Divino Niño
18. Swing (Roosevelt Remix) - José González
19. Didn't Care - Sylvan Esso
20. Could Heaven Ever Be Like This (Walker & Royce and Chris Lorenzo Remix) - Idris Muhammad
21. My Boy - Marlon Williams
22. Go On - Panda Bear & Sonic Boom
23. Shafty Riptide - James Curd & Marcellus Pittman
24. Cicada Rhythm (Prins Thomas Diskomiks) - Bottler
25. Burning - Yeah Yeah Yeahs
26. Let Me Be Great - Sampa the Great feat. Angélique Kidjo
27. Aquamarine (feat. Michael Kiwanuka) - Danger Mouse & Black Thought
28. New Gold - Gorillaz feat. Tame Impala and Bootie Brown
29. Only The Lonely - Danielle Ponder
30. Everything Is Permanent - Dawes
31. Angelo - Brijean
32. Atopos - Björk
33. Cloud 9 - Lanowa
34. Unwind - I Wear* Experiment
35. Funky Chusky - Hamza Rahimtula
36. Ice V - King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard
37. An Alien In Minneapolis (Edit) - Ondara
38. Would It Kill You At All - Dream, Ivory
39. The Gate - Royce Wood Junior
40. Riot in Lagos - Asynchrone
